''' Marta Palermo Design Method for Final Project '''

In my program I used three classes:
    1. Board: 
        - Overarching task for class was to create all the graphic elements
        pertaining all board-related features.
        
        - The majority of the methods in this class are designated to create
        the various borders for the three main areas of the game:
            * leaderboard
            * player status board
            * main card board
            
        - In this first class I defined turtles and a leaderboard attribute
        as well as 10 methods which included loading the correct rectangle
        designs for the three boards mentioned above ^, registering and loading
        all images/gif's needed for visuals like cards/ quit button and
        error messages, as well as methods needed to open, read/write and load
        the leaderboard txt files.
        
    2. Card:
        - Overarching task for class was to create the object of the cards
        with specific attributes including: front image, back image, placement
        coordinates, and card area. An additional attribute that was set was
        flipped, which let the program know about the status of the card,
        and whether it was flipped(True) or not(False).
        
        - No additional methods added.
        
    3. Game:
        - Overarching task for class was to run the game - basically where the
        "game loop" took place.

        - Many attributes were set and initiated, including the score keeping
        variables (2 counters for guesses and matches), turtles, and two lists
        (leaderboard, and list including cards being used in the game given the
        user selection). Methods from the Board class were called in order to
        be run and be able to reference other attributes within other classes
        (ex. player name and card number for board). 3 set lists of cards were
        registered and called accordingly. 

        - Methods in this class included: deal, assigning placement coordinates to all
        dealt cards, method for recording onclick events - measuring matches/guesses,
        a method determinig when the game would end, another one used to calculate the
        "clickable" area of the dealt cards and lastly a method for clearing the two cards
        in a confirmed match, and flipping card method.

    Data structures used in general were primarily lists, and a dictionary.
    Lists were picked due to the simplicity in creating them, and manipulating ordered items
    when necessary. The dictionary was used for an instance where order wasn't particularly
    necessary, but facilitated the call and passing of certain variables. 
        

TESTING:     

Testing concerning graphic elements was primarily completed through trial and error.
In order to get the correct coordinates, I used a "find the clicked coordinates" function
which would print out clicked coordinates, that were then used to calculate all areas and
placements taking in account image size/pixels.

Testing for opening: reading and writing txt files was initially done in a different .py document
and then carefully carried onto main document, where it was then tested by checking input with
expected output.

The remainder of testing was completed via print statements where file names were compared
when printed to the terminal, and print statements throughout loops and general logic implementation
were used to confirm variables/lists/dictionary items that were being passed through other methods.


